board names
Burgerbar
Pizzaria
Chance
Candy shop
Ice-cream shop
Visit in jail
Museum
Library
Chance
Skatepark
Swimming pool
Free parking
Arcade
Cinema
Chance
Toy store
Pet shop
Go to
jail
Bowling alley
Zoo
Chance
Waterpark
Beach

start menu
How many players? (Between 2 and 4)
Player
, choose name please:

general
It is
's turn
Roll dice
has been jailed!
uses jail card.
pays 1M to get out of jail.



chancekort
Give this card to the racecar, and take another chance card.
Racecar: On your next turn, you have to race to any available field and buy it.
If there aren't any available fields, then you have to buy one from another player.
Move to start. Receive 2M.
Move upto 5 fields forward.
Move to an orange field. If the field is available, you get it for free. Else you have to pay the rent to the owner.
Move a field forward or else draw another chance card.
Give this card to the car, and take another chance card.
Car: On your next turn, you have to race to any available field and buy it.
If there aren't any available fields, then you have to buy one from another player.
You have eaten too much candy. Pay the bank 2M.
Move to an orange or green field. If the field is available, you get it for free. Else you have to pay the rent to the owner.
Move to the light blue field. If the field is available, you get it for free. Else you have to pay the rent to the owner.
You are released with no charge. Keep this card until you will need it.
Move to the beach.
Give this card to the tractor, and take another chance card.
Tractor: On your next turn, you have to race to any available field and buy it.
If there aren't any available fields, then you have to buy one from another player.
Give this card to the UFO, and take another chance card.
UFO: On your next turn, you have to race to any available field and buy it.
If there aren't any available fields, then you have to buy one from another player.
It's your birthday! Everybody will give you M1. HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
Move to a pink or darkblue field. If the field is available, you get it for free. Else you have to pay the rent to the owner.
You have done all your homework. Receive 2M from the bank.
Move to the red field. If the field is available, you get it for free. Or else you have to pay the rent to the owner.
Move to the skatepark. If it is available, you get it for free. Or else you have to pay rent to the owner.
Move to a cyan or red field. If the field is available, you get it for free. Else you have to pay the rent to the owner.
Move to a brown or yellow field. If the field is available, you get it for free. Else you have to pay the rent to the owner.
Choose which field you would like to move to.
Choose which color you would like to move to.
Move 1 field forward.
Draw another chance card.







color
Orange
Dark blue
Yellow
Red
Light blue
Pink
Green
Brown

fejlbesked
Wrong input of players